OSDOCS-17161:(CQA) APP-2: Deployments - Attachment1 (#117196)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deploymentconfig-object-specific-features.adoc

[id="deploymentconfig-object-specific-features_{context}"]
= DeploymentConfig object-specific features

[role="_abstract"]

> `DeploymentConfig` objects in {product-title} provide automatic rollbacks, triggers, lifecycle hooks, and custom deployment strategies. These capabilities are specific to `DeploymentConfig` objects and are not available on Kubernetes `Deployment` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `DeploymentConfig` objects in {product-title}, you can set lifecycle hooks and configure custom deployment strategies. `DeploymentConfig` objects also provide automatic replica set rollbacks upon failure and automatic roll out of updates.  

These capabilities are specific to `DeploymentConfig` objects and are not available on Kubernetes `Deployment` objects.
```
